refactor: remove jetpack dependency (#2439)
Automattic/woocommerce-services: changelog.txt

*** WooCommerce Shipping & Tax Changelog ***

= 2.4.0 - 2023-xx-xx =

> * Add - Ability to connect to the server infrastructure without the Jetpack plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add - Ability to connect to WordPress.com without the Jetpack plugin.
```
